README.md, before:


# Rabbit and Steel Archipelago

Adds support for [Archipelago](https://archipelago.gg/) to Rabbit and Steel. Currently a Work in Progress mod.

## APWorld

The APWorld can be found in the releases tab [here](https://github.com/tjwombo/RNSArchipelago/releases)

## Bug Reports

If you found any bugs, no you didn't.
But if you insist you did, please report it in the Archipelago discord server [here](https://discord.com/channels/731205301247803413/1241105661425877194)

## Installation

This mod uses [R2Reloaded](https://github.com/Reloaded-Project/Reloaded-II) and can be installed by
1. Adding Rabbit and Steel as an application by clicking the + button
2. Download the mod by clicking the ⚙+ button
3. Search "RnS Reloaded" and install it

Alternatively, it can be downloaded manually by 
1. Downloading the .7z file in releases
2. Dragging it (while still zipped) onto the Reloaded 2 "Configure Mods" screen

This mod requires two dependencies, reloaded.sharedlib.hooks and RNSReloaded which should be installed automatically regardless of which instalation method you choose.

## Configuration

If you right click the mod in R2Reloaded, there is a Configure button.
That is mainly in charge of controlling the in game messages that mimica text client.
Sending commands to the server is not currently supported.

The other part of the configuration is the location to the archipelago cache, which should be set automatically, but if its not in AppData/Local you will need to set it
I believe I can remove this, but for now there is still some code that needs this.

## Credits

- Everyone who helped make RNSReloaded
- Everyone in the Archipelago discord for all the amazing work they do
- RavingMagicMan for helping me organize my mess of notes

Commit message:

Fixed env variable not picking the right directory

README.md, after:


# Rabbit and Steel Archipelago

Adds support for [Archipelago](https://archipelago.gg/) to Rabbit and Steel. Currently a Work in Progress mod.

## APWorld

The APWorld can be found in the releases tab [here](https://github.com/tjwombo/RNSArchipelago/releases)

## Bug Reports

If you found any bugs, no you didn't.
But if you insist you did, please report it in the Archipelago discord server [here](https://discord.com/channels/731205301247803413/1241105661425877194)

## Installation

This mod uses [R2Reloaded](https://github.com/Reloaded-Project/Reloaded-II) and can be installed by
1. Adding Rabbit and Steel as an application by clicking the + button
2. Download the mod by clicking the ⚙+ button
3. Search "RnS Reloaded" and install it

Alternatively, it can be downloaded manually by 
1. Downloading the .7z file in releases
2. Dragging it (while still zipped) onto the Reloaded 2 "Configure Mods" screen

This mod requires two dependencies, reloaded.sharedlib.hooks and RNSReloaded which should be installed automatically regardless of which instalation method you choose.

## Configuration

If you right click the mod in R2Reloaded, there is a Configure button.
That is mainly in charge of controlling the in game messages that mimic a text client.
Sending commands to the server is not currently supported.

Another part of the configuration is the location to the archipelago cache, which should be set automatically, but if its not in AppData/Local you will need to set it
I believe I can remove this, but for now there is still some code that needs this.

The last part is for the location of Reloaded-II for the purposes of creating the item mods. You will need to set this if the automatically set Mods folder doesn't match.
If setting this directory doesn't work, then turn on the Skip Item Creation config and you will need to manually install the items mod.
To do so, download the ArchipelagoItems.zip file in the releases tab and extract it into your Rabbit and Steel mods folder like so steamapps\common\Rabbit and Steel\mods\ArchipelagoItems

## Credits

- Everyone who helped make RNSReloaded
- Everyone in the Archipelago discord for all the amazing work they do
- RavingMagicMan for helping me organize my mess of notes
